where did the Russians come from, that's where their culture is, can you tell me a Russian folk song? Here I am, as a specialist in folklore. We have Czech folk songs, and Slovak Ukrainian songs. And at least one Russian one. Name a folk song. I don’t know. You see, because you don’t have them. Well, no. And what Hello hello So you look so colorful You know this too Have you ever seen the film My Big Greek Wedding look there, an interesting topic says that there is a girl saying that my dad made a house in the shape of an acropolis, then he also made these columns and made more Greek gods so that everyone can see so that if anyone thinks that the Greeks don’t live here, so that everyone knows for sure that they live there, that’s why I know for sure that this is who I communicate with, so generous with uh, such a Ukrainian, as they say, and I’m a citizen of Czechoslovakia, yes Well I understand, but the embroidered shirt is Czech, it’s Czech clothes, it’s not And this is the flag of Ukraine, I support Ukraine, just yes, and you yourself are Czech, I’m Czech, Yes, I’m from the city of Brno, well, it’s like I was born and raised born in Perm and in the Czech Republic in Czechoslovakia Even more, you support Ukraine, yes, you are doing the right thing, good country, well, yes, Russians speak well, by the way, well, we were studied during the Soviet Union. We studied Russian in kindergarten at school. Well, you know, speak Russian. So you speak all the time. No, I don’t speak all the time, but I Let's say I'm a linguist By education I graduated from the University of Prague with a degree in East Slavic philology It's clear No, that's why I was in Russia in Ukraine in Belarus I studied I thought to be honest that you were wearing an embroidered shirt, that is, a Czech Czech embroidered shirt And this is a Czech embroidered shirt Well, she too embroidered shirt Well, we are Slavs, we are Slavs like Ukrainians We also have embroidered shirts Yes Well, what is your nationality? Well, I’m Russian, you don’t have embroidered shirts You’re not Slavs We have something similar, but we don’t display it as embroidered shirts, well then you don’t have national clothes that are embroidered like that, yes there’s no such thing, well, we’ll say it that way, we don’t present it like that, that is, we, well, we don’t have one like that, specifically, well, Americans don’t have clothes like that. That’s because there is no American nation, because Americans are like the Russians, look at the Americans. The Irish live there. Look, look again, once again, it means the Americans are the Irish there, let's go to the British, there is no such nation, the British are not there, there is no nation, the British. Why are there Scots, there are Englishmen, yes, there are embroidered shirts, yes, you have embroidered shirts, well, we have them question Tom we explain this Look, I’m an ethnographer and I’m explaining it, look, the English Yes, these were the Germanic tribes of the Angles and Saxons, yes, embroidered shirts were not common among the PM Yes, but the Germans have them Yes, but among the Slavs It’s precisely among the Slavs that Croats are common among all of them, Serbs, Macedonians, Czechs wait, Czechs, Poles, Ukrainians, Belarusians, the Russians have them all, aren’t you not Slavs? We are not only Slavs, as well as not only Slavya, who because among us there is a Finnish Ugor that x has its own Vova Mor you SN I am a Slav, but he could be a Chechen talking to you now also citizens of the Russian Federation, or or for example Bashkirs Or for example Yaku stop they are Turks Yakuts and Bashko they T the question is that this is all Russia no stop look in Russia they live different look just like Britain Yes Britain there are people there there are English there are Scots they are different nations and Russia are there Tatars are Russians are Bashkor there are these are different nationalities we are not talking about citizenship now But about the peoples the Mari the Mari have their own embroidered shirts I saw I’m an ethnographer I studied them yes there are but that’s all at look stop stop stop look at The Mordovians have their own embroidered shirts Yes, because we don’t, but the Russians don’t. Why don’t you please tell me why not? Why don’t the Russians, so I ask why not, but we’re like the British, like the British don’t? No, well, as if it’s not not ours, how if there is a way to separate yourself, look again The question is not a way or not a way I’m not saying that you wear it now or don’t wear it, we look Yes, for example, here is the 10th century Yes We go to the museum Yes, there are hundreds of Ukrainian embroidered shirts, yes Poland there are hundreds of embroidered shirts, Czech Republic embroidered shirts, Ritsa Udmurts Yes Russians no why Listen, I don’t know why I have because I don’t really care Well, look, in Ukrainian villages in Czech villages Yes, in Mari villages people made embroidered shirts Yes in Russian villages What did they wear Yes, how do I know that’s the question now, uh Do you know any Russian national shoes and Well, these are bast shoes, that's exactly the question why. For example, We are Czechs. Our neighbors are Slovaks, Ukrainians, Belarusians. Yes, the Poles wore chobots. Yes, these are leather shoes. These leather shoes. Yes, but the Russians wore birch paws. I don’t know. anyway I really don’t care since I’m an ethnographer I don’t care Why I’ll explain to you why Because for example in 1961 the Russian cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin was the first to fly to Kost he’s not Russian he’s Russian Where is he from is he Russian Where is he from is he Russian from what region is he from no what's the difference with which ru oh he's Russian he's ruy Mari Faya he's Russian again look look in Mari in Mari loons Yes, that's a black grouse, here's Gagarin, he was a Mari, they wrote him down in Russian, they just wrote Russian he's Where are you from, look, I'm Greek, I'm Greek If anything we are all Greeks, like, look, really, Gagarin was not Russian, he was a Mari citizen of the Soviet Union, he was not Russian Yes, but yes, what difference does it make, he wasn’t Russian, so look at the question, where did the Russians come from, that’s where their culture is, can you tell me the Russian folk culture? song Here I am, as a specialist in folklore We have Czech folk songs Yes Slovak Ukrainian And at least one Russian Name a folk song I don’t know You see, because you don’t have Well, no And what yes Because Russian I’ll explain to you Why Because look uh those who are called Russian back in the 10th century did not even formulate it as an Ethnicity Yes, they were separate ones, as if they had evolved, I speak a little Russian poorly tribes andropharm Neli That is, at the baptism of Rus', they were brought initial letters from Kyiv and taught them the Slavic language churchly glorifying drink and read in order to collect their Tribute Yes, when the entire civilized world walked in normal shoes Ukraine Poland Lithuania they walked there in these leather boots Turks Tatars Bashkorok walked in leather boots or felt boots felt boots - this is also a Turkic, by the way, a Turkic felt product Yes, it came, that is, the Russians. You yourself said they walked in bast shoes, that is, you understand, the 19th century, people walk in bast shoes made of birch bark, and in the 10th century, and in the 10th century, there were no traces of Russians at all, but there were Czechs. Well, why are you looking Hello Do you know what is the very first Slavic state? Which itself is on the territory of the Czech Republic? components they wore embroidered shirts yes yes in the 1st century Yes in the 19th century they were embroidered yes look I’ll tell you if you look you don’t know I’ll explain to you I’ll tell you where the embroidered shirts of the post of Goya one hundred hundred then I’m telling you listen to me also I’m telling you before listen to me, look in the Library of Alexandria Yes also I explain to you, look at the treatise on the Slavic lands of Konstantin Bor the People's Write down no link with I Links cannot be submitted here itself Nagut of Konstantin Bor's People's Yes, everything is there with illustrations Yes, the 4th century for you Look, this chronicle was written in the 2nd century Yes Byzantium yes they signed everything yes In which countries like what kind of ambassadors were they Yes from Byzantium Yes they wrote to sketch their ornaments in full Yes their clothes that’s all show show and see And you Yes and you We are Czechs Yes we have embroidered shirts since the 1st century And you wore bast shoes until the X Well, it’s funny Show me where where where from the fourth I’m telling you Look on Google like a treatise by Konstantin Boryan dear It’s just crap and you that you didn’t exist at all in the 1st century Russians actually existed in the 1st century yes So you no You told me I told you you want on Google there were Russians in the 1st century or not Give me a link I'll give you You history well let's give you a link come on [music] a No you'll ban me now I know that no dadada dada everything is prohibited there the rules prohibit you from posting links you'll ban me I I know you have a face like you’re a carer anyway, you’ll ban me, so wait, I’m not for normal So what did you write to me, I won’t ban you Well, that’s it, Amin, look, if I send you a link, you make a complaint and everything automatically blocks me, no Yes, you cunning bug And that I was already blocked like that True, I was already blocked like that okay Come on, please tell me what else should I do? I’m just saying, I don’t believe you, sorry, please, check, check, Well, I’m saying that, Well, why can’t you make links to those here? Look, I’ll write to you. I told you I’ll write to you. Look now, listen and the idea. Why is history interesting to me? Of course, I know that, for example, from Ladoga, uh, slavya, I wrote to you. I didn’t give you a link, I wrote it, see the treatise on the Slavic lands of the Slavs. Konstantin's burning folk everything Well yes Cool you google And that's it And there is like yes Okay I actually know So here about the management of the empire It is interesting that the interesting thing is that the Slavs who at one time gathered at this Lake Ladoga then called these Vikings so that they would protect them there, then the Helgi became Oleg Yes, and then, in general, the Rurikovichs decided, then they went down through Kiev and everything else And then there they reached Byzantium This is another topic, in fact, for example, America has nothing quiche at all America this is how many 200 years there, and America, I’m Czech, I’m Slavic, I’m with you from Russia, I’m telling you why I need America on some continent, you still Remember the Pope, new Guineas, why do I need this small page like about Russians, that is, I’m half Greek, for example, yes, that is, me too I mean, I kind of know that now Russia provides itself with food, the main export of this bread in the world. Look, I don’t talk about economics, about politics, war, I’m not an ethnographer, yes, I’m interested, you can talk about culture about culture ru Where is Russian culture Where is Russian culture where Russian folk songs where are the Russians Folk clothing Where is the Russian folk Shoes In addition to bast shoes, look at Russian culture and and the Russian Empire, unlike the Russian Empire, there was no Russian no, it’s called Russian, not Russian The Russian Empire and it was ruled by who the Germans What difference does it make who ruled Well, that is, this Russians there were tax-paying classes. Well, nevertheless, the Russian Empire took what it took. Yes, it gave away part of it, but nevertheless it is still a sixth part of the land. The British, who considered themselves this empire on which the sun never sets, have now turned into what is right. And by the way, very I’m interested in your question: who lives better now, the British or the Russians? So, well, a hockey goalie is clean, that’s just, it’s just even unpleasant. Well, to listen to where a person has so much of this, how much poison, who has Yaroslav hashish va hockey Czech, I don’t watch hockey at all, I understand, you’re the same Czech like I'm a Mari all the way I don't watch hockey Let's run away subscribe to my Telegram right now axis VN and Popik is even more and more important YouTube keeping us busy through Scar Geor your ban and too many videos I don’t show people sometimes I don’t show information about streams For Tom In addition, we need to write Mali operational link right away and while there in telegra okm video also tezh Tsikava and Korisna information and we are sorry for you trimati postiyny operational link nezalezhno in that chi show you the process YouTube Glory to Ukraine letter